so my workday has changed over my career's. I've progressed in leadership.
Obviously, when I was a junior person, my work day was really kind
of delegated out to me by my Opio in my chief of the time. And so
I knew kind of what I had to do for the day and what my set hours
were as I've progressed in my leadership and throughout my career, you
know, now, my work day, Um, it seems like it never ends, to be honest,
because I have a lot more responsibilities that I need to look
at and conduct. I've other people's careers that I'm also responsible
for, as well as maintaining the program that we work in and moving
that forward. So I would say that my work day and workload has increased
as I progressed in my career. But that's expected, and that's
something that you should you intend on seeing as you move up in leadership
and throughout your career.